Python interface for the C-BGP simulator


DESCRIPTION

This package is an helper for Python scripts that want to use C-BGP in
an interactive way. The package uses a pair of pipes created thanks
to the os module. Those pipes are used to write to and read
from a C-BGP instance.

Note that particular attention must be paid to the way the input and
output are read and written. Since we are in presence of two
separate processes that are cooperating, deadlocks can occur. Simple
precaution will avoid most of the problems due to pipe buffering:

 - use the "set autoflush on" statement in the C-BGP script will
activate an automatic flush of the C-BGP output after the following
commands: show rib, show rib-in, show networks, show peers and
record-route. More C-BGP commands will hopefully support this
feature in the future.

INSTALLATION

1) untar the the archive:
  tar xzf CBGP-0.1.tar.gz

2) enter the subdirectory CBGP-0.1
  cd CBGP-0.1

3) install the module :
  python setup.py install

AUTHORS

Sebastien Tandel (standel@info.ucl.ac.be), from the CSE Department of
University of Louvain-la-Neuve, in Belgium.

COPYRIGHT

This Python package is provided under the LGPL license. Please have a
look at the Free Software Foundation (http://www.fsf.org) if you are
not familiar with this kind of license.

DISCLAIMER

This software is provided ``as is'' and any express or implied
warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed.
in no event shall the authors be liable for any direct, indirect,
incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including,
but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss
of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and
on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or
tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the
use of this software, even if advised of the possibility of such
damage.
